aml1:Attribute12	MappedInterfaceClassPathReference
aml1:Attribute24	CardTerminalPlus
aml1:Attribute6	Power loss, static, current-independent [Pls]
aml1:Attribute18	Net weight
aml1:Attribute31	Offerer/supplier ID
aml1:Attribute25	CardTerminalMinus
aml1:Attribute7	Manufacturer name
aml1:Attribute19	Weight of the contained material
aml1:Attribute20	RoHS attention of conformity
aml1:Attribute32	Performance unit
aml1:Attribute26	width
aml1:Attribute8	Product type description
aml1:Attribute21	Product check date according to RoHS
aml1:Attribute33	Construction size
aml1:Attribute27	length
aml1:Attribute9	ManufactureAddress
aml1:Attribute22	Card
aml1:Attribute34	Volume of the room1
aml1:Attribute4	additional link address
aml1:Attribute16	Guidelines,norms
aml1:Attribute11	MappedInterfaceClassPathReference
aml1:Attribute23	CardType
aml1:Attribute5	GTIN
aml1:Attribute17	Certificates and permits
aml2:Attribute12	Guidelines,norms
aml2:Attribute24	Offerer/supplier ID
aml2:Attribute6	Amortization
aml2:Attribute18	Card
aml2:Attribute13	Certificates and permits
aml2:Attribute25	Performance unit
aml2:Attribute7	MappedInterfaceClassPathReference
aml2:Attribute19	width
aml2:Attribute20	length
aml2:Attribute14	Net weight
aml2:Attribute26	Construction size
aml2:Attribute8	MappedInterfaceClassPathReference
aml2:Attribute15	Weight of the contained material
aml2:Attribute27	Volume of the room1
aml2:Attribute4	GTIN
aml2:Attribute16	RoHS attention of conformity
aml2:Attribute5	Manufacturer name
aml2:Attribute17	Product check date according to RoHS
