aml1:ExternalReference7	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference13	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference12	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference3	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference6	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference9	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference1	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference11	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference5	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference8	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference4	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference2	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference14	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml1:ExternalReference10	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference7	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference13	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference12	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference3	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference6	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference9	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference1	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference11	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference5	Libs/RoleClass Libraries/AutomationMLBaseRoleClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference8	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference4	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference2	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference14	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
aml2:ExternalReference10	Libs/InterfaceClass Libraries/AutomationMLInterfaceClassLib.aml
