aml1:Attribute12	MappedInterfaceClassPathReference
aml1:Attribute36	RoHS attention of conformity
aml1:Attribute6	Power loss, static, current-independent [Pls]
aml1:Attribute18	CardTerminalPlus
aml1:Attribute13	Cardinality
aml1:Attribute25	Offerer/supplier ID
aml1:Attribute37	Product check date according to RoHS
aml1:Attribute7	Manufacturer name
aml1:Attribute19	CardTerminalMinus
aml1:Attribute20	width
aml1:Attribute32	Guidelines,norms
aml1:Attribute14	MinOccur
aml1:Attribute26	Performance unit
aml1:Attribute8	Product type description
aml1:Attribute21	length
aml1:Attribute33	Certificates and permits
aml1:Attribute15	MaxOccur
aml1:Attribute27	Construction size
aml1:Attribute9	ManufactureAddress
aml1:Attribute34	Net weight
aml1:Attribute4	additional link address
aml1:Attribute16	Card
aml1:Attribute28	Volume of the room1
aml1:Attribute11	MappedInterfaceClassPathReference
aml1:Attribute35	Weight of the contained material
aml1:Attribute5	GTIN
aml1:Attribute17	CardType
aml2:Attribute12	Card
aml2:Attribute6	Amortization
aml2:Attribute18	Offerer/supplier ID
aml2:Attribute13	width
aml2:Attribute25	Guidelines,norms
aml2:Attribute7	MappedInterfaceClassPathReference
aml2:Attribute19	Performance unit
aml2:Attribute20	Construction size
aml2:Attribute14	length
aml2:Attribute26	Certificates and permits
aml2:Attribute8	MappedInterfaceClassPathReference
aml2:Attribute21	Volume of the room1
aml2:Attribute27	Net weight
aml2:Attribute10	MinOccur
aml2:Attribute9	Cardinality
aml2:Attribute4	GTIN
aml2:Attribute28	Weight of the contained material
aml2:Attribute11	MaxOccur
aml2:Attribute5	Manufacturer name
aml2:Attribute29	RoHS attention of conformity
aml2:Attribute30	Product check date according to RoHS
